feat: Cleanup tool (#326)
akka/akka-persistence-r2dbc: docs/src/main/paradox/durable-state-store.md

definition in @ref:[Creating the schema](getting-started.md#schema).

The `durable_state_slice_idx` index is only needed if the slice based @ref:[queries](query.md) are used.

## Configuration

To enable the durable state store plugin to be used by default, add the following line to your Akka `application.conf`:

```
akka.persistence.state.plugin = "akka.persistence.r2dbc.state"
```

It can also be enabled with the `durableStateStorePluginId` for a specific `DurableStateBehavior` and multiple plugin
configurations are supported.

See also @ref:[Connection configuration](connection-config.md).

### Reference configuration

The following can be overridden in your `application.conf` for the durable state store specific settings:

@@snip [reference.conf](/core/src/main/resources/reference.conf) {#durable-state-settings}

## Deletes

The store supports deletes through hard deletes, which means the durable state store entries are actually deleted from
the database. There is no materialized view with a copy of the state so make sure to not delete durable states too early
if they are used from projections or queries.

> For each persistent id one tombstone record is kept in the event journal when the state of the persistence id has been

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each persistent id one tombstone record is kept in the store when the state of the persistence id has been
```

or `durable state store`?
